---
layout: page
title: Resume
---

# Resume

[**Download Resume**](resume.pdf)

## Work Experience

### Samsung Electronics Canada

**Cloud DevOps Engineer Co-op, August 2023 - April 2024**

_Vancouver BC_

- Spearheaded the development of an ArgoCD extension that integrates Jenkins and ArgoCD using React.js and TypeScript, therefore improving Kubernetes deployment efficiencies and team productivity.
- Developed multi-region Kubernetes clusters on Azure using Terraform, enhancing multi-cloud initiatives and improving infrastructure robustness.
- Integrated Karpenter using ArgoCD and Terraform to improve service stability on Kubernetes in AWS, significantly reducing system disruptions and Java/JVM-based microservice downtime.
- Enhanced engineer productivity by refactoring the Atlantis configuration file to be more readable and contributing to integrating Atlantis into Azure.

### FORM

**Software Development Engineer Co-op, January 2022 - September 2022**

_Vancouver BC_

- Led the development of automated test suites using Chai.js, Postman, and JavaScript to test embedded software to web API interaction, resulting in the product being awarded Best Swim Product 2023 by the Global Triathlon Awards.
- Reduced manual testing in a sprint by 50% and ensured high product quality by implementing automated stress tests on the iOS/Android app to embedded software interaction using Appium and Python.
- Spearheaded the development of multiple embedded software end-to-end tests, from requirements gathering, writing test cases, developing automated tests using Python, deploying them through Jenkins, and executing the test.
- Mentored and trained new co-op students by guiding them in setting up their development environment, performing thorough code reviews, and assisting with technical challenges, resulting in a more collaborative team dynamic

## Leadership & Volunteer Experience

### CaseIT

**Director of Web Development & Technology, June 2023 - February 2024**

_Vancouver BC_

- Spearheaded developing and maintaining CaseIT’s websites using Next.js, React.js, Hugo, and SCSS, ensuring an engaging and user-friendly online presence.
- Oversee web development and IT projects, leveraging agile methodologies to ensure timely, high-quality outcomes.
- Provide timely technical support to various stakeholders before and during case competition week, ensuring smooth operations and a world-class case competition experience.
- Establish relationships with audiovisual vendors, ensuring the organization receives top-tier services.

**Technology Associate, October 2022 - March 2023**

_Vancouver BC_

- Ensured the audiovisual equipment was set up or ready for pickup by planning the equipment for each event and communicating with multiple stakeholders.
- Mitigated risks arising from technical issues by developing a risk mitigation plan and training organizing committee members on executing backup plans.
- Developed the online live stream and event presentation strategy through extensive online research, documentation writing, and collaboration with the web and events team.

### SFU Surge

**Events Coordinator, May 2022 - September 2022**

_Burnaby BC_

- Taught Python to beginners by developing a curriculum, organizing the workshop series, and headhunting an instructor.
- Helped improve SFU Surge’s community engagement by collaborating with other departments to garner new ideas and organize events.
- Raised awareness of SFU Surge’s current and upcoming events by persuading current students to join events and collaborating with the marketing team to promote the events.

#### SFU Management Information Systems Association (MISA)

**Director of Technology, June 2021 - June 2022**

_Burnaby BC_

- Increased website traffic and engagement by keeping MISA’s website updated, using Google Analytics to analyze the website’s traffic, and conducting Search Engine Optimization (SEO).
- Ensured all MISA events ran efficiently by creating and overseeing the procedure to prepare the audiovisual equipment or Zoom meeting before events.
- Improved the efficiency and effectiveness of MISA’s departmental and overall operations by researching and implementing new technologies that would enable MISA to achieve its goals.

### AIESEC in SFU

**Events Coordinator, January 2021 - August 2021**

_Burnaby BC_

- Attracted financial and in-kind sponsorship from local businesses by cold-emailing prospective sponsors and pitching event ideas to local business stakeholders, such as Quietly, Steve’s Poke Bar, and Freshprep.
- Maximized engagement and satisfaction of attendees on the events by scheduling the event itineraries, ensuring the event is punctual, and ensuring attendees stay engaged.
- Raised awareness of upcoming AIESEC events and AIESEC’s mission and vision statement by pitching and answering concerns with prospective attendees and partners.

## Education

### Simon Fraser University

**Bachelor of Science,** _Joint Major in Computing Science & Business Administration_

September 2019 - April 2024
